feat: add `blas/ext/base/dindex-of-row` (#11162)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/ext/base/dindex-of-row/README.md

Returns the index of the first row in a double-precision floating-point input matrix which has the same elements as a provided search vector.

```javascript
var Float64Array = require( '@stdlib/array/float64' );
var Uint8Array = require( '@stdlib/array/uint8' );

/*
    A = [
        [ 1.0, 3.0 ],
        [ 2.0, 4.0 ],
        [ 0.0, 0.0 ]
    ]
*/
var A = new Float64Array( [ 1.0, 2.0, 0.0, 3.0, 4.0, 0.0 ] );

var x = new Float64Array( [ 2.0, 4.0 ] );
var workspace = new Uint8Array( 3 );
var out = dindexOfRow( 'column-major', 3, 2, A, 3, x, 1, workspace, 1 );
// returns 1
```

The function has the following parameters:

-   **order**: storage layout.
-   **M**: number of rows in `A`.
-   **N**: number of columns in `A`.
-   **A**: input matrix stored as a [`Float64Array`][mdn-float64array].
-   **LDA**: stride of the first dimension of `A` (a.k.a., leading dimension of the matrix `A`).
-   **x**: search vector stored as a [`Float64Array`][mdn-float64array].
-   **strideX**: stride length of `x`.
-   **workspace**: workspace array stored as a [`Uint8Array`][mdn-uint8array] for tracking row match candidates.
-   **strideW**: stride length of `workspace`.

> If the matrix is stored in a row-major order, the `workspace` is not accessed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **workspace**: workspace array stored as a [`Uint8Array`][mdn-uint8array] for tracking row match candidates. This parameter is ignored if the function is provided an input matrix stored in row-major order.
-   **strideW**: stride length of `workspace`.

When an input matrix is stored in row-major order, the workspace parameter is ignored, and, thus, one may provide an empty workspace array.
```

```javascript
var Float64Array = require( '@stdlib/array/float64' );
var Uint8Array = require( '@stdlib/array/uint8' );

/*
    A = [
        [ 1.0, 3.0 ],
        [ 2.0, 4.0 ],
        [ 0.0, 0.0 ]
    ]
*/
var A = new Float64Array( [ 1.0, 2.0, 0.0, 3.0, 4.0, 0.0 ] );

var x = new Float64Array( [ 2.0, 4.0 ] );
var workspace = new Uint8Array( 3 );
var out = dindexOfRow.ndarray( 3, 2, A, 1, 3, 0, x, 1, 0, workspace, 1, 0 );
// returns 1
```

The function has the following parameters:

-   **M**: number of rows in `A`.
-   **N**: number of columns in `A`.
-   **A**: input matrix stored as a [`Float64Array`][mdn-float64array].
-   **strideA1**: stride of the first dimension of `A`.
-   **strideA2**: stride of the second dimension of `A`.
-   **offsetA**: starting index for `A`.
-   **x**: search vector stored as a [`Float64Array`][mdn-float64array].
-   **strideX**: stride length of `x`.
-   **offsetX**: starting index for `x`.
-   **workspace**: workspace array stored as a [`Uint8Array`][mdn-uint8array] for tracking row match candidates.
-   **strideW**: stride length of `workspace`.
-   **offsetW**: starting index for `workspace`.

> If the matrix is stored in a row-major order, the `workspace` is not accessed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **workspace**: workspace array stored as a [`Uint8Array`][mdn-uint8array] for tracking row match candidates. This parameter is ignored if the function is provided an input matrix stored in row-major order.
-   **strideW**: stride length of `workspace`.
-   **offsetW**: starting index for `workspace`.

When an input matrix is stored in row-major order, the workspace parameter is ignored, and, thus, one may provide an empty workspace array.
```

```javascript
var Float64Array = require( '@stdlib/array/float64' );
var Uint8Array = require( '@stdlib/array/uint8' );

var A = new Float64Array( [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0, 0.0, 0.0 ] );

var x = new Float64Array( [ 3.0, 4.0 ] );
var workspace = new Uint8Array( 0 );
var out = dindexOfRow.ndarray( 3, 2, A, 2, 1, 0, x, 1, 0, workspace, 1, 0 );
// returns 1
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<!-- Package usage notes. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="notes">

## Notes

-   When searching for a matching row, the function checks for equality using the strict equality operator `===`. As a consequence, `NaN` values are considered distinct, and `-0` and `+0` are considered the same.

> -   The `workspace` array is only accessed if the matrix is stored in column-major order. If the matrix is stored in row-major order, the `workspace` is not accessed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### stdlib_strided_dindex_of_row( order, M, N, \*A, LDA, \*X, strideX, \*workspace, strideW )

<!-- lint enable maximum-heading-length -->

Returns the index of the first row in a double-precision floating-point input matrix which has the same elements as a provided search vector.

```c
#include "stdlib/blas/base/shared.h"
#include <stdint.h>

const double A[] = { 1.0, 2.0, 0.0, 3.0, 4.0, 0.0 };
const double x[] = { 2.0, 4.0 };
uint8_t workspace[ 3 ];

int idx = stdlib_strided_dindex_of_row( CblasColMajor, 3, 2, A, 3, x, 1, workspace, 1 );
// returns 1
```

The function accepts the following arguments:

-   **order**: `[in] CBLAS_LAYOUT` storage layout.
-   **M**: `[in] CBLAS_INT` number of rows in `A`.
-   **N**: `[in] CBLAS_INT` number of columns in `A`.
-   **A**: `[in] double*` input matrix.
-   **LDA**: `[in] CBLAS_INT` stride of the first dimension of `A` (a.k.a., leading dimension of the matrix `A`).
-   **X**: `[in] double*` search vector.
-   **strideX**: `[in] CBLAS_INT` stride length for `X`.
-   **workspace**: `[inout] uint8_t*` workspace array for tracking row match candidates.
-   **strideW**: `[in] CBLAS_INT` stride length for `workspace`.

> If the matrix is stored in a row-major order, the `workspace` is not accessed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **workspace**: `[inout] uint8_t*` workspace array for tracking row match candidates. This parameter is ignored if the function is provided an input matrix stored in row-major order.
-   **strideW**: `[in] CBLAS_INT` stride length for `workspace`.

When an input matrix is stored in row-major order, the workspace parameter is ignored, and, thus, one may either provide an empty workspace array or a `NULL` pointer.
```

```c
#include <stdint.h>

const double A[] = { 1.0, 2.0, 0.0, 3.0, 4.0, 0.0 };
const double x[] = { 2.0, 4.0 };
uint8_t workspace[ 3 ];

int idx = stdlib_strided_dindex_of_row_ndarray( 3, 2, A, 1, 3, 0, x, 1, 0, workspace, 1, 0 );
// returns 1
```

The function accepts the following arguments:

-   **M**: `[in] CBLAS_INT` number of rows in `A`.
-   **N**: `[in] CBLAS_INT` number of columns in `A`.
-   **A**: `[in] double*` input matrix.
-   **strideA1**: `[in] CBLAS_INT` stride of the first dimension of `A`.
-   **strideA2**: `[in] CBLAS_INT` stride of the second dimension of `A`.
-   **offsetA**: `[in] CBLAS_INT` index offset for `A`.
-   **X**: `[in] double*` search vector.
-   **strideX**: `[in] CBLAS_INT` stride length for `X`.
-   **offsetX**: `[in] CBLAS_INT` starting index for `X`.
-   **workspace**: `[inout] uint8_t*` workspace array for tracking row match candidates.
-   **strideW**: `[in] CBLAS_INT` stride length for `workspace`.
-   **offsetW**: `[in] CBLAS_INT` starting index for `workspace`.

> If the matrix is stored in row-major order, the `workspace` is not accessed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **workspace**: `[inout] uint8_t*` workspace array for tracking row match candidates. This parameter is ignored if the function is provided an input matrix stored in row-major order.
-   **strideW**: `[in] CBLAS_INT` stride length for `workspace`.
-   **offsetW**: `[in] CBLAS_INT` starting index for `workspace`.

When an input matrix is stored in row-major order, the workspace parameter is ignored, and, thus, one may either provide an empty workspace array or a `NULL` pointer.
```
